Add `slowTraceSegmentThreshold` to forcibly sample slow traces (#5707)
apache/skywalking: CHANGES.md

#### OAP-Backend
* Add the `@SuperDataset` annotation for BrowserErrorLog.

> * Support the slowly segment in the sampling mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support keeping collecting the slowly segments in the sampling mechanism.
```
